Updating devCenter configurations docs to include detail if someone is using a file based system (#207)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/administrator-documentation/moderne-platform/how-to-guides/dev-center.md

1. You must have either [configured an Organizations service](./organizations-service.md) or [directed the agent to a devCenter.json file](./agent-configuration/configure-agent-files-service.md#devcenterjson-optional).
2. You must ensure that the [Moderne agent Maven configuration](./agent-configuration/configure-an-agent-with-maven-repository-access.md) only has **one** entry where the recipe source is set to `true`. (Note: this does not apply to one Maven repository configured identically in multiple agents. Only that you cannot have two distinct Maven repositories configured where recipe source is set to `true`.)

### Organizations configuration

If you are configuring an Organizations  for the first time, we **strongly** recommend that you use our [file-based approach](agent-configuration#file-based-organizational-configuration) and modify it to meet your needs. By doing so, you will only need to update some CSV files rather than writing your own code.

> If you are choosing to not use a file base approach and setup an Organizations service, we **strongly** recommend that you use our [Organizations service template](https://github.com/moderneinc/moderne-organizations) and modify it to meet your needs. By doing so, you will only need to update some JSON files rather than writing your own code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are choosing to not use a file-based approach on the agent and setup an Organizations service, we **strongly** recommend that you use our [Organizations service template](https://github.com/moderneinc/moderne-organizations) and modify it to meet your needs. By doing so, you will only need to update some JSON files rather than writing your own code.
```

## Step 1: Ensure you have a `DevCenterDataFetcher` class

> _This step only applies if you aer running an Organization service, and you used the_ [_Moderne Organizations service template_](https://github.com/moderneinc/moderne-organizations)_. If you made your own, please jump to_ [_step 3_](dev-center.md#step-3-create-and-configure-the-devcenter)_._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This step only applies if you are running an Organization service, and you used the_ [_Moderne Organizations service template_](https://github.com/moderneinc/moderne-organizations)_. If you made your own, please jump to_ [_step 3_](dev-center.md#step-3-create-and-configure-the-devcenter)_._
```
